PBNA $21.70 / hour

CLICK HERE to view our Warehouse Person (Loader) Realistic Job Preview Video 

This labor-intensive position is responsible for hand building pallets of product for bulk, and route trucks. Each type of loading requires strict attention to order accuracy with respect to loading outgoing trucks and unloading incoming trucks. Works from Electronic order system or order sheets to build loads using a forklift and/or electronic pallet jack. Position is responsible for accuracy in loading and complying with shipper/receiver documentation. Follows warehouse instructions in building loads (). Employees must maintain a clean and safe work environment. Position may be required to work across a wide variety of weather conditions and hours, shift duration depends on work load and may vary daily.

Transport truck loading involves moving full pallets of products from the warehouse onto a trailer and removing any returned pallets/plastic flats. Responsible for unloading raw materials and placing them in designated warehouse space.

Bulk truck loading involves selecting designated packages and flavors of products from the warehouse and loading them onto a pallet. Position is responsible for maintaining the stability of the pallet through proper stacking and shrink-wrappi 2024-03-22T19:54:52.486+00:00 CLICK HERE to view our Merchandiser Realistic Job Preview Video

Part-Time / Rotating Shifts - Pay Rate is $17.40 / hour 

Position is responsible for product merchandising within large volume stores (Grocery, etc.). This includes stocking shelves, rotating shelved product, setting up displays, stocking and rotating products in coolers, organizing and rotating products in storage rooms, and moving products from storage to the sales floor. This position interacts with personnel at the store location.

This position is labor intensive, requiring lifting, loading, pushing, and pulling cases weighing from 20-45 pounds per case, as well as bending, reaching, and squatting while merchandising and moving products. This job follows a consistent schedule with specific start times and customers (opportunity to attain different work schedules with time.)

PRIMARY ACCOUNTABILITIES:

Merchandise store shelving, coolers and displays with products in assigned accountsRotate products in the backroom and on the shelfTransport products to and from backroom to shelf locationUse equipment to transport products (e.g., U Boats, hand trucks, pallet jacks, etc.)Display promotional material such as signs and banners in accountsKeep back room stock in neat and orderly conditionCommunicate store issues to store managers and Pepsi managementBuild customer relationships at the store levelComply with operating procedures (e.g., scan-in/scan-out, following designated route, etc.)Service accounts during designated times established by managementDeliver customer service (e.g., communication, rapport building, attentiveness to customer needs, etc.)Ability to operate under minimal supervision (self-managed role)Use hand held devices to write/input ordersRegular, reliable, predictable attendance

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

18 years or olderPass the physical capabilities test (if applicable)Must have car or personal transportation to access multi-store locations within assigned shiftValid driver's licenseProof of insurance

HELPFUL EXPERIENCE:

Working for a retail business or grocery store (e.g., understanding store operations, knowing the backroom and inventory, stocking aisles and shelves, etc.)Moving products within a store (e.g., safely stacking and moving products on equipment such as a u-boat, hand truck/dolly and/or breakdown, etc.)Merchandising products (e.g., filling shelves, building displays, making products look attractive, rotating products, cleaning shelves, eliminating out of stocks and out of date products, etc.)Managing backroom/stock room inventory (e.g., organizing pallets, stacking and storing inventory or products, etc.)Serving customers (handling customer complaints, responding to customer requests, or meeting customer needs)

For positions that require use of a personal vehicle for a sales route, mileage reimbursement is provided.

Our Company will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the Fair Credit Reporting Act, and all other applicable laws, including but not limited to, San Francisco Police Code Sections 4901-4919, commonly referred to as the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance; and Chapter XVII, Article 9 of the Los Angeles Municipal Code, commonly referred to as the Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance.

>

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, or disability status.

PepsiCo is an Equal Opportunity Employer: Female / Minority / Disability / Protected Veteran / Sexual Orientation / Gender Identity

If you'd like more information about your EEO rights as an applicant under the law, please download the available EEO is the Law & EEO is the Law Supplement documents. View PepsiCo EEO Policy.

Please view our Pay Transparency Statement
[{'Required_Skills': 'Forklift operation, electronic pallet jack operation, order accuracy, ability to work in various weather conditions', 'Educational_Requirements': 'N/A', 'Experience_Level': 'N/A', 'Preferred_Qualifications': 'N/A', 'Compensation_and_Benefits': '$21.70 / hour'}, 
{'Required_Skills': 'Merchandising, stocking shelves, rotating products, setting up displays, lifting, loading, pushing, pulling, bending, reaching, squatting, communication, customer service', 'Educational_Requirements': "Must be 18 years or older, valid driver's license, proof of insurance, pass the physical capabilities test (if applicable)", 'Experience_Level': 'N/A', 'Preferred_Qualifications': 'Experience working in a retail or grocery store, merchandising experience, managing backroom inventory, customer service experience', 'Compensation_and_Benefits': '$17.40 / hour'}]